[Music]
of the Buddha Emperor celebrating the Buddha
Emperor's birthday, the village above and below, the
artillery parade, the graceful figure, the scholarly spirit, full of heroic
military spirit, the
Yuan army called the Mongol army, the Yuan army called the
Mongol army, before the Yuan army called the
Mongol army, conquering the world, East and West,
blood spilled, determined to destroy the
Southern country, disdainful of a small country, acting
recklessly, invading in droves, thousands of generals and soldiers
marching forward, dust flying everywhere, Emperor Nhân Tông, the
king, the horse,
[music]
and the Star, blessed by the saint, he
will shoulder the great task on his shoulders,
maintaining peace so that the whole country can continue
the work of the ruler when he ascends the throne, when
he ascends the throne, in his heart, Buddhism, in the prosperous
place, the extraordinary, good reputation
far and wide, the heroic and indomitable spirit of the army, the
enemy. You dare to
approach me, you dare to approach me, the golden throne
is Trần Nhân Tông, commanding troops and
generals, confronting the Yuan Mongol invaders, disdainful of a
small country, but we can still bring
into history a glorious victory,
leaving behind the glorious scene of Yên
Tử.  Green mountains, flowing streams, bamboo shoots, countless people,
bustling with energy, the Jade Void, a
place of golden fame. Yeah, with one heart and one mind, the mother
protects the Southern land, the Yellow skin, red blood, the
enemy cannot cross the river, prosperity,
fame, warmth, and a flourishing heart. The Emperor
carries no worries, residing in the golden throne. Emperor Nhân Tông,
square in the golden throne, meditative
eyes, gentle breath, calm and
serene, seeing the general's greedy heart, the
curse pulls the general into a frenzy.
The people unite their hearts and minds, the people unite their hearts and minds, the
Hong clan elders divide the battle, better than
Nhân Tông, who weaves a greedy heart, curses the
destruction of the Southern land. Peaceful, united hearts and minds, the people unite their hearts and minds, the
people unite their hearts and minds, the
Hong clan elders divide the battle, better than
Nhân Tông, who weaves a greedy heart, curses the destruction of the
Southern land. Peaceful, the Southern land, the birth of the
Buddha Emperor, villages and hamlets go out in procession, the
army celebrates the birth of the Buddha Emperor, celebrating the birth of the Buddha Emperor, celebrating the birth
of the Buddha Emperor, celebrating the birth
of the Buddha Emperor.
[music]
ah I